# Quixel Atlas Importer 2.0
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
#modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License
as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2
of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.


# Prequisites:
- Python 3.8 https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-381/
- Pillow Image Library: cmd -> pip install pillow - sometimes, beside it being installed, python fails to load PIL(Pillow). using pip uninstall pillow to uninstall and then reinstalling solves this issue.

# How to start: 
- Extract zip content where you want
- open cmd (if any of your Quixel Library or Source directories has restricted access, start cmd as admin)
- cd to home directory of script
- enter QuixelAtlasImport.py to run script.

# How to use
- Prepare a source folder with all maps you want to import. Every map (except AO) needs to have atleast three of the first letters of their type in their file name. (xyzalb would be detected as Albedo)

# Following data is prompted:

- Path to your Quixel Library
- Path to your source directory containing all maps to be imported (if you have a fancy preview, name it as such and put it there too. Otherwise one will be generated by multiplying AO with Albedo to get a somewhat representitive result.)
- Name you want to see in Bridge
- ID (It's advised to use the same ID as the source atlas, with xy coordinates as prefix)
- Main Category: Top level categories you see on the left
- Secondary Category: Sub level categories you see when clicking on a main category
- Scan area in meter (e.g. 0.25x0.25)
- Scan height in meter (e.g. 0.015)

Beside ID and Name, all inputs are saved in file. Each script iteration, you will be asked if you want to change any of your inputs.

Make sure to enter all paths as "X:\Path", not "X:\Path\"

Since Bridge doesn't support custom atlasses officially, they can't be imported into the mixer/custom tab, but are directly imported into "Downloaded".

# If they don't appear right away, use Ctrl+R or View>Reload. After that they should appear on top. If they still aren't visible, try restarting bridge and hitting reload until they appear.



